Doc Review Updates (#441)
ProjectLibertyLabs/gateway: docs/src/Fundamentals/README.md

Frequency provides a shared global state to make interoperability and user control fundamental to the internet.
Applications provide unique experiences to their users while accessing the content and graph connections from other applications.

> In the same way the internet is a shared global network, Frequency allows your applications to move past artificial boundaries.

Reviewer: nit: prioritize Frequency in the messaging. Also, if we're making comparisons, perhaps the network stack itself is more apt than just "the internet"?
```suggestion
Frequency enables your applications to interact with this shared global state seamlessly, in the same way that modern networking software allowed isolated computers to interact seamlessly over a global network.
```
